Update master CHANGELOG.md with v0.41, enable building docs for v0.41 (#8562)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* (x/bank) [\#8479](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8479) Adittional client denom metadata validation for `base` and `display` denoms.
* [\#8396](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8396) Add support for ARM platform

### Bug Fixes

* (x/evidence) [#8461](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8461) Fix bech32 prefix in evidence validator address conversion
* (x/slashing) [\#8427](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8427) Fix query signing infos command
* (server) [\#8399](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8399) fix gRPC-web flag default value
* (client/keys) [\#8436](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8436) Fix key migration issue
* (server) [\#8481](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8481) Don't create
  files when running `{appd} tendermint show-*` subcommands
* (x/staking) [\#8546](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8546) Fix caching bug where concurrent calls to GetValidator could cause a node to crash

## [v0.41.0](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/releases/tag/v0.41.0) - 2021-01-26

### State Machine Breaking

> * (x/ibc) [\#8266](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/8266) Add amino JSON for IBC messages in order to support Ledger text signing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (x/ibc) [\#8266](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/8266) Add amino JSON support for IBC MsgTransfer in order to support Ledger text signing transfer transactions.
```

Reviewer 2: true
